everyday life as we see it would have
been regarded as completely magical even
a few centuries ago let alone for the
most of the period of the human species
for example you know I I can sit in
Oxford and look a bit beyond my house
and look up in the sky and I see an
airplane there now the fact that a
metallic object weighing a hundred tons
is flying there at 500 miles an hour and
has come from another continent that is
as much of a jump from natural human
beings
as what we're discussing this kind of
space travel space exploration is from
where we are now in in fact I think
comparing those two I I I guess we have
already come further in terms of
knowledge than what lies between us and
space exploration I'm not saying it's
exploring the Galaxy that would require
more knowledge but that's all it
requires